# 📊 Diagram: ECU Update System Case Study

::: tip Available Online
This model is available to view using the online editor!
<VPButton text="Open In Online Editor" href="https://editor.dataflowanalysis.org/?file=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataFlowAnalysis/DataFlowAnalysis/refs/heads/main/bundles/org.dataflowanalysis.examplemodels/scenarios/dfd/ECUUpdateCaseStudy/ECUUpdateCaseStudy.json"></VPButton>
::: 

## 🔗 Link to Original Paper/Article
[View Full Main Source](<https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016412122100100X?via%3Dihub>)

[Open Example Model in Example Models Bundle](https://github.com/DataFlowAnalysis/DataFlowAnalysis/tree/main/bundles/org.dataflowanalysis.examplemodels/scenarios/dfd/ECUUpdateCaseStudy)

## 📝 Short Description
This diagram illustrates the second case study in the paper, which briefly describes a system focused on updating the ECUs of a truck. The diagram shows the flow of data between the different components in the system. The paper does not describe the structure of these systems as they belong to private companies. For this reason we took the liberty of adding some components to the very brief description that is given.

## 🔤 Abbreviations
- SW: Software
- ECU: Electronic Control Unit

## 📖 Extensive Description (if possible)
Starting from the left side of the diagram there is the __Driver__ which sends its *credentials* to the __Authentication & Authorization Service__ node, which in turn generates a *token* to the __Mobile App__ node. Another flow on this side is from the __Fleet Technology__ node, which sends *ecu_info* to the __Inventory Manager__ node, which forwards it to the __Update Orchestrator__ node. From this node the *update_instruction* data is sent to the __Mobile App__ which also receives the update *software* from the __SW Storage__ node. When receiving the *token*, *software* and *update_instruction* the __Mobile App__ node then sends the *software* to the __Wifi Dongle__ , which forwards it to the __ECU__ node. This node then generates *update_info* and sends it to the __Report Update__ node.
 
## 🏷️ Label description

- ### 🗂️ Data Labels:
    - ### Data:
        - __Credentials__: Credentials data from the operator
        - __SW__: Update Software
        - __App__: Application
        - __FleetTechnology__: Technology from the fleet of trucks
        - __UpdateInstruction__: Instruction to produce the update
        - __Token__: Token generated by the Authentication & Autherization Service
        - __UpdateReport__: Report on the update process
        
- ### 🏷️ Node Labels:
    - ### AuthorizedParty:
        - __Driver__: User which is a driver and is authorized to do the update on the truck
        
## ⚠️ Constraints
- __None__

## 🚨 Violations
- __None__









<script setup>
import { VPButton } from 'vitepress/theme'
</script>


